Now that we have geometry and material data loaded, we can attempt to render a graphical representation of the sample model onto the SDL canvas - or as it is often called in 3D rendering: the "image plane". This process is a little complicated, so we have split the job into two tasks - the "understanding" (this section) and the "doing" (the next section). Make sure you understand the theory first, before trying to implement the concepts. First watch just the animated video linked to above (the last of the blue buttons) for a high-level description of this process.

As you might imagine, calculating the projected position of a vertex on the image plane will involve the _(x,y,z)_ position of the vertex in 3D space. The position of the camera and the distance between the camera and image plane will also have an effect on the position that each vertex will appear on that image plane. Everything is based around the notion of similar triangles - take a look at the slides and narrated audio for a lower-level explanation of how this works. Note that we illustrate the process in two dimensions (because it is a lot easier to show on a powerpoint slide), however the concept "scales" to three dimensions (we just need to do the same thing in x as we did in y).

When rendering our sample model, there is the additional complexity that the origin of the Cornell Box model is in the centre of the "room", whereas the origin of the image plane is in the top left hand corner (due to the way the SDL coordinate system works). When rendering a scene onto the image plane, what we really want is for the centre of the room to appear in the _centre_ of the image plane. To achieve this, we need to shift the calculated position of each vertex _before_ we draw it onto the SDL window. If we shift everything to the _right_ by half the width of the image plane and _down_ by half the height of the image plane, the render will appear in the middle of the SDL window (as shown in the right-hand image below). If we didn't do this, the centre of the room would appear in the top left corner of the drawing window (as shown in the left-hand image below).